They are all sleeping in one big pile, giving each other warmth in the cold night. She stands in the doorway, 
gazing at them with unshed tears in her eyes. She had journeyed long and hard to get to this remote little shack 
in the deepest part of the woods. Something moved out through the window and she moves slowly through the little house 
towards the door leading outside. She had dreaded this moment, yet everything she did seemed to have brought her
closer to this destiny. She opened the door and stepped out looking into the eyes of the couple that would watch 
over her children.
"They will be fine Anna, go before it is too late! And may the dread wolf never hear your footsteps." The elderly
lady spoke softly to her, giving her a fierce hug before pushing your mother on her way down the dirt road.
The elderly man went to look at the sleeping balls of fur tucked into the bed, odd he thought, that a mother could
have so many different types of shape shifter children

Which one are you?
*choice
	#The Leopard (Female)
	#The Wolf (Female)
		You were the closest to your mother. You after all are a wolf just as she was. You even have the same black 
		markings over your silver fur as her. You are weeping softly with your head under your tail because she said
		goodbye and explained why she was leaving to you and only you, strongly expressing the need to tell no one. Not 
		even your siblings.
	#The Lion (Male)
		Your striped golden fur glows in the lamp light. You stretch and peak at the gentleman standing beside the bed
		you mew softly before falling back asleep feeling content to have your brothers and sisters curled around you.
	#The Fox (Female)
		Even as a kit you have a knack for getting into things. You have managed to climb on to the top of the door and 
		are getting ready to pounce on the old man that just walked underneath you. He unfortunately didn't notice the lithe
		body of red orange fur above him..
	#The Bear (Male)
		You are fierce and protective of your siblings so it is no shocker that as your sister fox climbs up the door you 
		are the one telling her to get down before she gets hurt. your soft brown fur ruffles as a draft comes in from the 
		door opening you fall silent and pretend to sleep as the door opens further and a kind old man walks in. You 
		instantly know your mother is gone by the look he is giving you.. 
	#The Falcon (male)
